Today's video is a comparison video
between Neevapa Reshore 3.1 ICIC LBRD Health
Elevate. We will talk about both in detail and
what is the eligibility criteria for both?  Are there similarities
?  What are the differences and in the end we will talk about
premiums.  So this video is going to be very
useful.  Stay till the end.
[Music]
Quick reminder before we start the video,
if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel.
So that you
get the right infection at the right time.  Let's move on to the
video.  Neema Bhup Re 3.0
vs ICIC Low LAD Health Elevate.  So here it is,
comparison of both on public demand.
So first let's talk about room
eligibility. What is the room eligibility
?  Neema Bhupa Rs 3.0 has four variants.
Select Alt and Black became classic.
General ward will be available in Classic.  The Select
plan has twin sharing.  All rooms in Elite are
Suite or Deluxe.  And there are
no restrictions in black.
You can go for any room including suite
and deluxe.  Here is the base plan I have taken in ICIC LBD Health Elevate.
Your single private AC room is covered in it.   If
you want to upgrade the room, there
is a room modification rider.  You can choose that.
Rooms can be upgraded or downgraded.
Minimum entry age and maximum
entry age.  The minimum entry age in NIVAPA RESH
3.0 is 18 years.  There
is no restriction on the maximum entry age for adults.
Minimum entry age for child is 91 days.
The maximum is up to 30 years.  The
minimum entry age in ICIC LBA Deliveries is 18 years.
Maximum is 125, so in a way there is
no entry age restriction.   The
minimum entry age for children is 91 days.
The maximum is 30 years.  Minimum and
maximum sum assured.  Reard 3.0 does
not have sum assured.  There
is only the option of unlimited sum assured, which you
can take unlimited.  It also shows you sum assured of Rs 5 lakh and Rs 10 lakh.
If you
are in tier three cities where treatment costs are low, you
can also look at 510.  But if you are
taking Reash 3.0 then the advice is to take unlimited.
So unlimited sum assured
is available.  In ICIC NMA Elevate, you have the option of sum
assured ranging from Rs 5 lakh to unlimited sum assured.
From Rs 5 lakh to Rs 10, 20, 50, 1
crore, 2 crore and so on and unlimited sum
assured is also available.  Policy Tenure 1
2 3 4 5 Now you know that
you can pay the premium for 5 year policies also in one go.
What is the benefit of that?  You
get some discount because you are
paying the premium to the insurance company in one go.
Secondly, you are protecting yourself against inflation.
Meaning,
suppose tomorrow there is inflation and your premium
increases, then if your premium has been paid for
5 years at once, it will get frozen there itself.
You will not have to pay any additional premium.
So at least you are safeguarding yourself
for the next four to five years.  Ah Bonus
Neema Bhupa 3.0 does not have the concept of bonus
because the sum assured is unlimited.
Where as Ah ICIC LBRD Elevate has the
concept of cumulative bonus.  20%
of sum assured which is guaranteed
cumulative bonus maximum up to 100%, so
every year from 2020 it will increase by 20% and reach 100%.
Day Care Procedures
Day care procedures are covered
up to Sum Assured in both the plans.  Day care procedures are those that do
not require 24-hour hospitalization.  You go in
the morning and come back home in the evening because of the
advancement of science and technology.  So
day care procedures are covered in your policies
up to sum assured.  Then there is your
domiciliary hospitalization.  That
hospitalization where there
is no bed available in the hospital or the patient
is critical and cannot go to the hospital, then
hospitalization is being done at home.  Which is called
domiciliary hospitalization.  Covered is up to
some ashy shot.  Then there is AYUSH hospitalization
which is Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani,
Siddha, Homeopathy, their hospitalization
also takes place.  This is also covered up to sum
assured.  Refill benefit.  So, the refill benefit is
that if your base sum assured is exhausted
and you need hospitalization again, then the
refill benefit is not available in ReRD 3.0 in that year.  Why?
Because the sum assured itself is unlimited,
your sum assured will never end.
Your refill is available unlimited number of times in your ICICI Load Elevate.
Meaning if you took a policy of Rs 10 lakh and Rs 10
lakh got exhausted.  Again 10 lakh refills will be done
for any other hospitalization.  Any
person, any illness.  There is no restriction.
That too is over.  Then it will be added again.
And this will keep getting added unlimited number of times.
Emergency Road Ambulance.   The
road ambulance
we use to go to the hospital is covered.  Hospitalization is capped at
₹2000 in Classic and Select variants in Neevapa.  If
you go for the Elite or Black variants, you are covered up to some
assured.  Actuals up to some assured on covered s also in ICC LB Elevate.
Emergency air
ambulance where medical evacuation by air is
required.
Not covered under NEVAPA in Classic and Select variants.
Covered in black and alt.  Covered up to
5 Lt.  Even in ICIC LAD Elevate this
is not covered, it is not inbuilt, but you can take rider
air ambulance cover if you
want to get covered.  Annual health checkup.  So,
annual health checkup is included in your policy which is
preventive health checkup.
In both the policies, you can take and
add riders and it is on cashless basis.
You can make a claim even immediately after taking the policy.
But it is on cashless basis.  This means that
in NIVPA you will have to book
annual health checkup through NIVPA Health app and
in ICIC LBA there is IL Tech Care app.  By
going there you can book your health checkup
on cashless basis.  Then comes wellness
benefits.  Wellness benefits are
that if you maintain a healthy lifestyle,
walk a certain number of steps daily,
then the insurance company gives you a discount on renewal.
Neevapa has Live Healthy
benefit which offers up to 30% discount
on renewal if you are active.  So
for this you need to download Neevapa Health App.
Your step
count is synced to it.  Similarly,
you have to download IL Tech Care app in ICC Lambar.
Wellness benefits up to 20% at ICC Lambar.
Pre and post hospitalization
expenses.  The Niva Reshore 3.0 has a pre-test period of
60 days.  The post is 180 days.  So basically the
expenses incurred before going to the hospital,
suppose you consulted a doctor,
got fever, medicines were given, diagnostic tests were done
, did not get cured and one person gets
hospitalized.  So their
expenses before and after coming home from the hospital
like doctor consultation,
medicine, physiotherapy, all these expenses are also covered.  If
any test is done then pre and
post hospitalization expenses
in Nima Bupa are 60 days and 180 days.
You can get rebates in ICICI LBA for 90 days and 180 days.
E-Consultation In Nivapa Reshore 3.0
you have unlimited e-consultation available
and second medical opinion is also available for whatever
you are admitted for.
Unlimited e-consultations are also available in ICICI Lo.
You can avail this e-consultation through health applications.
Modern Treatments Robotic
Surgeries.
Up to Rs 1 lakh is covered in Neevapa in Classic and Select variants.  Modern
treatment and robotic means you will get only Rs 1 lakh
if ​​you get robotic surgery done or
take modern treatment.  There are
no restrictions on wear aslt and black.
Covered up to some assured.  End ICIC Low LMA
is covered up to sum assured in Eleven.  So
if you want to have
no restrictions in Nima then better to go for
ALT and Black.  And yes,
detailed videos of both these plans are also available on our channel.
You can refer him.  If you are
thinking of taking this plan then.  We are also sharing their links
with you.  Non-Payable
Items.  Non-payable items: Basically
consumable items like PP kits, masks,
gloves etc. are not covered under your policy.
Generally, an add-on has to be taken for this.
So Neema Buba has Claim Safeguard Plus
which you can take to cover your non
payable items for all assets one to three four
all assets will be covered.  Similarly,
you can also add riders to ICICI Lombard Elevate.
Claim protector to cover your
non-payable items.  OPD benefit.  So OPD
benefit is available in Nivapa, Well Consult
Plus which is available with cover from 1x to 5x
which you can take as add on and
Be Fit Rider is available in ICICI Lo LBARAD, you
can take that as add on if you want to get OPD cover.
Copayment: So, there is no copayment by default in this plan but
voluntary copayment option
is available in both the plans.  You say that
you want to take the plan with 20% copayment.  Which means
if any claim comes, the company will pay 80% and
you will pay 20%.  There is a claim of Rs 1 lakh, the
company will give Rs 80,000 and you will give Rs 20,000, in return the
insurance company will give you a discount on the premium.
So
this is called voluntary co-payment.
Venture comment is available in both the plans.  You
can get up to 50% off.  Then there is
deductible option Annual Aggregate Deductible.
So you say that you can bear a small amount out
of pocket.
You take a deductible of Rs 25,000 or Rs 30,000 from LETS
and in return the insurance company will
give you a discount on the premium.  But if
any claim comes tomorrow, then
you will have to pay that deductible amount once a year.  If you
take Rs 30,000 deductible from LETS and a claim of Rs 5 lakh is received,
then the insurance company will give Rs 47,000.
You have to pay Rs 30,000.  Unlikely Copayment
Copayment is charged on every claim.  Whatever
claims come, you have to share 20%-30% of whatever you have taken from each pay let.
But the deductible is once in a year.
Annual aggregate is deductible.  Once Rs 300 is
paid, the
insurance company will pay all the claims for that year.
So this choice is also
voluntary.  This gives you a discount on the premium.
Deductible option is not available in ICICI LMAT.  So let's
talk about premiums.
Lock the clock is available in Neeva BPA Reshore 3.0.  This means
your premium will not be revised as per the age
until you make a claim.
To understand Lock the Clock in more detail,
detailed video is on your screen.  You
can check and refer.  Lock
the clock means that the premium is actually
revised by your
insurance company due to two things.  One is age and one is
inflation.  So lock the clock is locking your
age.  Let's say you entered the policy at 41
and did not make any claim till 60, 65 or 65.
No claim was made for 25 years.  What premium will you pay?
Age 41.  And if in future the
insurance company increases the premium due to inflation,
then there will be an impact.  Otherwise, you will continue
paying the premium at the age of 41.  Where as
other companies or in ICICI Low LBA, the
premium will increase every five years according to both your age and inflation.
Now let's talk about
optional riders.  Which optional
riders are available in your policy?   Among the
optional riders in Nivpa 3.0, the
first one is Cashback Plus.  Cashback Plus
basically means that you will get cashback every year
on your policy.  A percentage will come into the wallet
in the IVP Health app. If you do not take a claim
, then there is Nivapa One.  This is
a special rider that you can add
where you will get Consia Services exclusive
services at the time of claims.  Then there is
Elder One.  This is for those
elder members, senior citizens if they
are insured in the policy.  The annual health checkup
that I told you about is the preventive health
checkup which is on a cashless basis, which
you can do through their app.  So Heads Up
is basically a rider which gives you a discount
on your policy.  Heads up
means that you will get 16% discount
on premium.  For that, if you
take Heads Up Rider, there is any future
hospitalization.  If that plan
is hospitalization then you have to
inform the insurance company Niva
Bupa 48 hours in advance that I am getting hospitalized.
You have to give the details.  Then their
doctors will tell you that they will give you this list of
hospitals.  These are five-six hospitals.
You go over here.  So
if you take treatment in those hospitals,
you will get this discount.  If you
go beyond that list and go to any other hospital of your choice.
Suppose your
treating doctor is somewhere else.  You say
no, I don't want to get it done here.  If you want to get
treatment done from a doctor only, then 20%
copayment will be charged on the bill.  If you have taken heads up then there is
no copayment otherwise.  Similarly, the
second rider is the tiered network.  One
is the network hospital list.  You are
going there and getting cashless treatment.   If you
take tiered network then you are
getting 15% discount on premium.  The company is saying that there is
another network within the network hospital which is
Preferred Partner
Network.  If you take this particular view, suppose the
insurance company has a tie-up with 10,000 hospitals and you
go to these 4,000 hospitals out of 10,000.  If
you have enabled Tiered Network Discount
then you are getting 15% discount.   If
you go for the remaining 6,000 instead of those 4,000,
you will have to pay 20%.  If
this rider is already taken then if you do not
want to take the rider then do not take it.  Then there is PED Wait
Period Modification.  This means that if you want to reduce the
waiting period for pre-existing diseases,
you can take this rider.
And yes, this plan has 145
illnesses which you can get covered from day one.
Here is the list on your screen.
You can claim these 145 illnesses from day one.  The
wait period for specific diseases can
also be modified.  You can take it from 2 years to one
year or three years.  Perhaps
these riders are not live on the system yet.
You will see it in some time.  We talked about
co-payment.  Voluntary Copayment,
Annual Aggregate Deductible, Personal
Accident which covers accidental death and
disability.  Then there is
hospital cash benefit.  A daily cash
benefit is provided for the number of days
hospitalized.  Then there's your Claim Safeguard
Plus that we talked about which is covering non-payable
items.  Well Consult
Plus is an OPD rider.  If you
want to get treatment outside India, you can
take Borderless.  Then there's Borderless
for specified exclusions.  You are saying that
I need to get treatment outside only for some diseases.
So we
can take border list for specified list.
Specified illnesses can be taken.  So that will
reduce your premium as per the limit list.
Now let's talk about the
add-on riders of ICSC Labrador.  The first is
World Wide Cover if you are looking to add.
Want to take treatment outside India.
Then there is the Chronic Disease Management
Program, their NRI advantage.  And
yes, in Neema Bupa also, if you enroll as an NRI, there
is a 15% discount on the
premium.  There is 25% discount in ICICI LBAD.
We had made a previous video where
we talked about which
discounted policies are available for NRIs.
All these details are mentioned there also.
Infinite Care: You want that
whatever the claim amount, irrespective of your
sum assured, the entire claim will be paid
if Infinite Care is taken.  Then
senior care is a different value added service.
Compassionate Visits is covered.  Power booster
cover.  This means that your
sum assured will keep increasing by 100% every year.   There
is no maximum limit.  If you
take a power booster, your
policy will get boosted every year.  Then there is domestic air
ambulance cover jump start.  To cover your pre-
existing conditions from day one which is
asthma, BP,
cholesterol, diabetes.  You can take a jump start.  There
is a dependent accommodation benefit.  Claim protector to cover your non-
payable items.  Inflation protector means
your health is inflation-proof to increase your policy by an inflated amount every year.
So your sum assured increases by 5 to 6%
every year.  If you
take inflation protector.  Nursing at Home
Maternity Benefits are covered as an add-on to your policy.
You can also cover delivery, newborn baby and
vaccination for newborn baby in this.  The
waiting period is two years.
Durable medical equipment cover
is a convalescence benefit.  Health Checkup
Option to Reduce Maternity Waiting Period
You can reduce it.  By paying additional
premium, if fit is your OPD rider.
Personal Accident which covers accidental death and
disability.
You can add it through tele consultation rider.
Critical Illness for lumpsum pay out in case
any critical illness is diagnosed.  There is a
room modifier with which you can modify the room.
Upgrade or downgrade.  Voluntary
copayment, which we just talked about, is a
copayment you can choose.  Now let's talk about
waiting periods,
what are waiting periods in the policy?  The initial waiting
period is 30 days.  You cannot get planned hospitalization for the first 30 days.
Accidental emergency is covered for you.  Then there
are specific exclusions which are slow growing
illnesses, the waiting period for which is
2 years.  It is 24 months old.  Then there are pre-
existing diseases.  In Neema Bhupa 3.0, the
waiting period for your pre-existing disease is
3 years.  The option is to reduce the
riders available to us.  And you
can also get 145 listed
illnesses on Day One.  And the
waiting period for pre-existing disease in ICIC Low LBA is 3
years.  And you can add Jump Start to
bring ABC D to Day One.
We talked about maternity expenses.
Maternity expenses are not covered under NIVAPA.
In ICC LBA, you can take add-ons to cover
your maternity expenses.  Global cover
is covered under NIVAPA, borderless and borderless for specified exclusions.
Specified illnesses are covered as an add-on.
And worldwide cover is available
in ICICI LBARAD Elevate, you can choose if
you want worldwide cover.  So this was
my comparison of Niva Reshore 3.0 vs ICICI
LBRD Elevat.
We have tried to cover all the information in this.  If you
want to watch their videos individually,
standalone videos are also available on these plans.
We are sharing the link.  You
can check.  Now finally we will talk about the
premiums and how much it will actually cost.
Premium is on your screen.  A
quick disclaimer and a reminder: If you are
going to buy a health insurance policy,
please do not forget to do your due diligence.
Because that is the most important.  If you
want to reach out to our team for
any queries or policy then
contact number is given, email ID
is given, WhatsApp number is given and Google
form is also given.  You fill it.  We will
connect you.  And before we go, a
quick reminder, if you have
n't subscribed to our channel yet, please do so.
So that you get the right information at the right
time.  See you in the next video.   Till then
stay safe, take care.  Baba bye.